Add 5.15.0 changelog (beta) (#6927)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* compute: added `stack_type` attribute for `google_compute_interconnect_attachment` resource. ([#6915](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6915))
* compute: updated the `google_compute_security_policy` resource's `json_parsing` field to accept the value `STANDARD_WITH_GRAPHQL` ([#6898](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6898))
* memcache: added `reserved_ip_range_id` field to `google_memcache_instance` resource ([#6901](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6901))
* netapp: added `deletion_policy` field to `google_netapp_volume` resource ([#6905](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6905))

BUG FIXES:
* alloydb: fixed an issue where `database_flags` in secondary `google_alloydb_instance` resources would cause a diff, as they are copied from the primary ([#6910](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6910))
* filestore: made `google_filestore_instance.source_backup` field configurable ([#6899](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6899))

> * vmwareengine: fixed a bug to prevent recreation of existing PCs when upgrading provider version from <5.10.0 ([#6911](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6911))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* vmwareengine: fixed a bug to prevent recreation of existing [`google_vmwareengine_private_cloud`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/vmwareengine_private_cloud) resources when upgrading provider version from <5.10.0  ([#6911](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/6911))
```

Reviewer: Propagating change from TPG PR for 5.15.0
